Three-step dating strategy to stop
wasting your time. Number one, never
ever go for a man that earns or has less
money than you. You want to be and feel
inspired by him and not seeing his
potential and mothering him until he
gets there. Number two, test early. Ask
for small things. Tell him that you
would appreciate flowers for your first
date. Talk about this amazing perfume
that your best friend has. If he steps
up, great. If not, this is not a
generous provider man and you can dump
him before you even get emotionally
attached. And number three, do not
entertain potential. Date the reality
for what he is. A man either lives like
a provider or no, or he never will. They
can promise the world, but what really
counts are the actions. And the biggest
time saver, do not compromise. Your
standards are your boundaries and not
some random wish list and he's either
following or someone else will. If you
want to know how to attract real
provider men and make them truly invest
in you, download my e-book, The Queen
Treatment, link in bio.